Fix invalid credential error handling in authentication process (#536)
vmware/go-vcloud-director: .changes/v2.20.0/536-bug-fixes.md

> * Fix a bug, that would not return an error while authenticating with invalid password [GH-536]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug that prevented returning a specific error while authenticating with invalid password [GH-536]
```

Author: Fixed.

> * Fix a bug that prevented returning a specific error while authenticating with invalid password

Reviewer 2: Just to be more specific:

```suggestion
* Fix a bug that prevented returning a specific error while authenticating provider with invalid password
```

Reviewer 2: Oops, now that I reviewed the Terraform PR, this is more appropriate here in govcd:

```suggestion
* Fix a bug that prevented returning a specific error while authenticating client with invalid password
```

Author: Adjusted for the second comment.
